it's ridiculous that i was even arrested
in the first place
hello nick yeah but why didn't you show
up to court today
hi milo fancy meeting you here yeah
fancy i don't know what you're up to but
i'm working or working me too i heard
you got kicked off the force
what i do is i hunt down idiots who jump
bail
you are a bounty hunter yep that might
just
pains me to say this i gotta take you to
jail
[Music]
no you have got to be kidding me you
cannot be serious
i'm dead siri milo you've got to let me
go
cops are involved in the story that i'm
working on well that's a real shame
hey remember how we used to be in love
yeah that means i know when you're
crying for real
and when you're faking it bye bye
this place is really nice glad you like
it you paid for it me
yeah i lifted your credit card milo
don't you dare leave me here like this
you probably have to pay for that too
are you sure you can handle this i won't
even break a sweat there's a black suv
that's been following us they may want
to kill me the only person right here
wants to kill you
is me
[Applause]
what the hell have you got yourself into
now you're interested half of new jersey
is looking for you where the hell is
milo milo milo the other half
looking for your ex-wife we got to go
undercover what a pleasure
senator i'm actually a former model
really how long ago was that
[Music]
you're a bounty hunter not a bounty
helper i'm still bringing her ass to
jail
you two made a horrible couple oh sorry
did i wake you and she made you
miserable not as miserable as i'm gonna
make her
hey you trying to seduce me what yeah
what's the hottest thing about me
that would be my gun uh
the bounty hunter something tells me i
should frisk you why do i look like i'm
hiding a weapon between my breasts
what are you doing in there
where do you think you're going